[MASTG-TOOL-0103] add uber-apk-signer (#2782)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tools/android/MASTG-TOOL-0103.md

---
title: uber-apk-signer
platform: android
source: https://github.com/patrickfav/uber-apk-signer
---

> A tool that helps to sign, [zip aligning](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/zipalign.html) and verifying multiple Android application packages (APKs) with either debug or provided release certificates (or multiple). It supports v1, v2, [v3](https://source.android.com/security/apksigning/v3) and [v4](https://source.android.com/security/apksigning/v4) Android signing schemes. Easy and convenient debug signing with embedded debug keystore. Automatically verifies signature and zipalign after every signing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tool that helps to sign, [zip align](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/zipalign.html) and verify one or more Android application packages (APKs) with either debug or provided release certificates. It supports v1, v2, [v3](https://source.android.com/security/apksigning/v3) and [v4](https://source.android.com/security/apksigning/v4) Android signing schemes. Easy and convenient debug signing with embedded debug keystore. Automatically verifies signature and zip alignment after signing.
```

Download the jar from the [latest release](https://github.com/patrickfav/uber-apk-signer/releases/latest) and run:

```bash

> java -jar uber-apk-signer.jar --apks /path/to/apks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ java -jar uber-apk-signer.jar --apks </path/to/apks>
```
(I noticed this in https://mas.owasp.org/contributing/5_Style_Guide/#8-code-and-shell-commands )

```

Demo:

> [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/91092.png)](https://asciinema.org/a/91092)

Reviewer: Do we want to go this route, vs including an example ourselves?

Author: This is fine, whenever there are examples available we can include them. If there are videos, even better!
